Welcome! What an exciting time! The memorial season is here, and the invitation campaign
is underway. And with the new hour requirements for pioneers, many of us can now share in
the pioneer work. We've received so many cards and letters from brothers and sisters
who are thrilled with the new hour requirements for pioneers.
One sister wrote,
As a mother, wife, homemaker, part-time worker, and caretaker for elderly parents,
you have absolutely no idea what the update did for me today. I have tears even as I am
writing. We are all so tired right now, but want nothing more than to faithfully serve
Jehovah and stay active in reaching people in these last days.
The announcement to reduce the pioneer hours was such an answer to prayers. It was so faith-strengthening,
and a complete reassurance of Jehovah's love for all of us. Thank you so much.
Another sister wrote,
I just wanted to take a minute to tell you how happy I was to get the new information
on auxiliary pioneer hours. I cried. I have kidney dialysis three times a week.
It takes a lot of my strength, but 15 hours, I can do that. What a wonderful God we have.
These messages no doubt reflect the thoughts and feelings of many of you dear brothers and
sisters, and isn't it encouraging that since January 1st, 2023, theocratic schools have
resumed in person. Worldwide, more than 430 classes of the school for kingdom evangelizers
and more than 170 classes of the school for circuit overseers and their wives have been
approved for this next year. Additionally, elders have begun attending in-person classes
of the school for congregation elders. We pray for Jehovah's rich blessing on these arrangements.
We have another exciting announcement. We are very pleased to inform you that beginning
June 1st, 2023, tours of many Bethel facilities will resume worldwide in accord with local circumstances.
Initially, for health and safety reasons, the number of persons permitted to tour Bethel
will be considerably reduced. If no significant difficulties are encountered, the number
of persons permitted to tour Bethel will gradually be increased. The local branch office will
provide further details on this matter later this month. Since our last update, we received
a very exciting announcement. On January 18th, 2023, brothers Gage Flegal and Jeffrey
Winder were appointed to serve as members of the governing body. We're happy to have them
with us here in the studio, and we'd like to spend a few minutes together so you can get to know
them a bit. Well, brothers, we understand that you were both raised in the truth by your Christian
parents. So what helped you to come to love Jehovah and want to serve him? Jeff will start with you.
Having parents that were well grounded in the truth really did make a big difference to help us
children choose to write path. And we always knew and loved the truth, but as I got older,
particularly in my mid-teen years, the truth really became more personal and more real to me.
It's almost like it kind of went from black and white to color as it became more personal in that
way. And the district convention in 1985, as it was then called, had a deep impact on me,
particularly the baptism talk, and the concluding talk really spoke to me. And I could tell I was just
beginning to make the truth my own during that time. So by the following year, beginning of the
calendar year, I dedicated my life to Jehovah and got baptized. Very nice. Thank you, Brother
Winter, for sharing that. Gage, we'll ask you the same question. Get your thoughts on it.
Well, as was true with Jeff, home was fertile soil for my brothers and my sister and me to
grow spiritually. Both of my parents were living examples of faith. My father took advantage of
opportunities to teach us about creation and what this revealed about Jehovah's qualities,
his personality. I have precious memories of getting up early and watching the sunrise with him.
My mom, she started regular pioneering when I was 11 years old and has continued to this day.
Her constant example of putting Jehovah first was definitely made a deep impression in my mind.
And I was able to join her in the regular pioneer ministry, my senior year of high school,
until I was able to go to Bethel. Well, what nice comments, brothers. We want to know more.
So here's another question. What motivated you to pursue full-time service and Bethel service?
And, Jeff, please. For me, a good association had a, played a big role.
As it turned out, at the circuit assembly that I got baptized, several other young brothers
from our congregation got baptized as well. And at the end of that assembly, it occurred to us that
we could auxiliary pioneer now. And so we decided to do it the very next month.
And we loved it so much. We pioneered the following month and all through that summer.
And by then we were hooked. We loved it. And three of us went directly into regular pioneering from
there. And for Bethel service, my two older brothers served at Walkill before me when I was just
a teenager. And we had an opportunity to visit while they were there and just seeing Bethel
and seeing all that took place there really instilled in me the desire to want to serve
Bethel when I became old enough. Very good. Engaged what motivated you? Well, full-time service
was the right thing to do. To me, dedication to Jehovah and serving him in the fullest capacity
possible, go hand in hand. So that was always the, the goal that my parents had set before us.
We always had special full-time servants that would stay at the house,
circled over seers, Bethel family members. They would stay and seeing their joy is something
that motivated me along those lines as well. At age 12, I was able to attend a Bethel meeting
at the regional convention back at that time. And so it became crystallized in my mind that
that's the direction I wanted to go. Very good. Well, you started at a very young age having an
interest in Bethel service. That's delightful to see. Third question for you? What have been some
of your assignments at Bethel? And how have you benefited from them, Jeff? Well, I began Bethel
and my first assignment was in the cleaning department. And for me, starting Bethel service in
cleaning was an excellent way to start because Bethel can really teach you some very valuable
qualities like obedience and patience and humility. And starting off in a support department
like cleaning, I felt like it really gave me a good head start in developing these qualities
that would be useful the rest of my life. After that, I was transferred to the farm department.
And I worked in what was like produce processing at Walkill. And again, it's a lot of fun. Good
brothers and sisters that we worked their spiritual men and women. A lot of hard work, but one
that I thoroughly enjoyed. And it was about three years that I worked in that department.
And then I was transferred to the office. And that began a period of about 22 years of serving as
a secretary for various brothers and various aspects of the work there at Walkill. And during that time,
I had the privilege to work along with brothers that had served Jehovah for years, had deep experience
and wisdom and knowledge and how to administer the work at Bethel. And that really molded me and
taught me things that I drew on in future assignments. And I continue to draw on today. And of course,
during that time, you and I had the privilege to work together for about 10 years in the Bethel office.
In 2016, I had quite a surprise when we were transferred to Patterson. And I was asked to work
with Audio Video Services Department. And I knew nothing about making videos or audio products.
But the brothers and sisters there were so patient with me, answered all my questions. And in
time, then I began to learn the work and really began to come to love it and enjoy it. A very
interesting work, but such a huge privilege to contribute to the production of spiritual food.
And I really came to love the brothers and sisters in that department. And then in 2020,
another big surprise when I was asked to transfer, we were asked to transfer to Warwick. And I was
asked to work in the personal committee office again with just a solid group of very skilled and
devoted brothers in that office that I've thoroughly enjoyed. Well, thank you, Jeff, for going
through that background with us. We enjoyed hearing that. And Gage, not for you, what have been
some of your assignments and the benefits that have come from that? Well, I started working in the
binary. I worked at the binary for eight years. And that taught me the value of being punctual,
working hard and getting the job done, even if it was very hot. Conditions weren't always the best.
And also the value of working with people of different backgrounds, different cultures,
completely different from what I was accustomed to and working together in unity and peace.
Then I was transferred to the service department, an office environment, completely different
from the binary. But I learned there the importance of getting all the facts before commenting on
a matter, the importance of many advisors consulting with different brothers before sending
direction out. And also the practical value of Jehovah's word, whether it's a personal issue,
whether it's a family issue, whether it's a congregation issue, Jehovah's word is practical in
all of those scenarios. And then in 2015, I was asked to work with the teaching committee office.
And there I learned that not simply preparing delightful words for the international brotherhood,
but also the importance of accurate words, preparing that for the brotherhood. And seeing Jehovah's
spirit make sure that the completed project came about. Thank you very much, Gage. We enjoyed hearing
that background from both of you brothers and how you've benefited from it. But we're going to
bring it right now back to the scriptures. And this thought is there a scriptural thought that
is strengthened you as you begin this new assignment. And Jeff will start with you again.
There is. In recent weeks and months, we've really come to hang on a couple of verses in Isaiah 26.
And particularly with this assignment, I know that I could not accomplish this assignment on my own.
And there's been moments of feeling a bit overwhelmed. But here in Isaiah 26,
there's so reassuring from Jehovah. Verse 12 says,
Oh, Jehovah, you will grant us peace because everything we have done, you have accomplished for us.
I feel like Jehovah is just reassuring me that you're not going to have to do it on your own.
That Jehovah would help me. And I love that it's in the past tense. Everything we have done,
you have accomplished because we have history with Jehovah. I've seen him specifically helping me
in past assignments to accomplish things that I knew I couldn't have done on my own, but Jehovah helped.
And so then that reassures me. And as the verse says, it gives me peace. And in verse 3, it develops
that even further. It says, you will safeguard those who fully lean on you. You will give them
continuous peace because it is in you that they trust. So this connection between trusting in
Jehovah fully leaning on him and having continuous peace. So if I've had those moments where I
begin to feel a bit anxious or overwhelmed, this scripture comes to mind, don't forget fully
lean on Jehovah. Jehovah is going to do the job. And then that peace can resume.
Beautiful set of scriptures there to share with us. We appreciate that. Brother Flagle,
same question for you. I also have two verses. The first one is Mark 1436. Jesus words on the night
before his death. He said to his father in prayer, not what I want, but what you want.
So my wife and I are a bit shy and reserved. So this is not the assignment that we
naturally would prefer, but our life is not our own. And Jehovah guides us our steps according
to his will. And then the other other verses found in Isaiah chapter 41 verse 10, comforting words
from Jehovah. Do not be afraid for I am with you. Do not be anxious for I am your God. I will
fortify you. Yes, I will help you. So it's comforting to know that Jehovah doesn't expect
more of us than we're able to accomplish with his help. So that's definitely comforting as we're
moving forward in this assignment. Well, great scriptural thoughts, Gage. Thank you very
much for sharing those and both of you brothers for sharing all of your comments with us.
We love having you on the governing body. And we wish you Jehovah's rich blessing on your
new assignment. It's wonderful to see Jehovah's people busier than ever in Kingdom work.
We know this memorial season will be filled with joyful activity as we search for honest
hearted ones in the ministry. May Jehovah richly bless each of you dear brothers and sisters.
From the world headquarters of Jehovah's Witnesses, this is J. W. Broadcasting.